Invoice datatype (#62)
digipost/digipost-data-types: readme.md

|url|URI|yes|Target URL of this link. Must be http or https.|
|deadline|ZonedDateTime|no|Optional deadline for the user to respond. ISO8601 full DateTime.|
|description|String|no|A short, optional text-field, describing the external link.|
|buttonText|String|no|Optional text which will be displayed on the button.|

### XML

```xml
<invoice xmlns="http://api.digipost.no/schema/datatypes">
    <link>
        <url>https://www.example.com</url>
        <description>Gå til avsenders side for å gjøre en handling</description>
        <button-text>Ta meg til handling!</button-text>
    </link>
    <due-date>2020-09-10T00:00:00+01:00</due-date>
    <sum>42</sum>
    <creditor-account>01235424320</creditor-account>
    <kid>1435025439583420243982723</kid>
</invoice>
```

## InvoicePayment

Paymentinformation for an invoice

### Complemented by: 
[InvoicePayment](#invoicepayment)

### Fields

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|paymentid|String|yes|Unique id to reference the payment with third party|
|paymentsstatus|String|yes|A status a given payment is in. ISO20022 payment statuses can be used|
|paymenttime|ZonedDateTime|yes|When the payment is done|

> |deptorAccount|String|no|The deptor account for the payment. Exactly 11 digits|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|debtorAccount|String|no|The debtor account for the payment. Exactly 11 digits|
```

> |channel|String|yes|Name the third party performing the payment|

Reviewer 2: Vil channel i vårt tilfelle være Neonomics?

Author: ja

|bank|[Bank](#invoicepaymentbank)|yes|The bank payment is registered with|

### InvoicePayment.Bank

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|id|String|no|Unique id of the bank to reference the payment with third party|
|name|String|no|Display name of the bank|

### XML

```xml
<invoice-payment xmlns="http://api.digipost.no/schema/datatypes">
    <payment-id>33aa4572ac1c61d807345c5968ab1fbd</payment-id>
    <payment-status>PDNG</payment-status>
    <payment-time>2020-09-21T00:00:00+01:00</payment-time>

>     <deptor-account>01235424320</deptor-account>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <debtor-account>01235424320</debtor-account>
```

Author: jaja. Det er generert fra navnet på attributtet i klassen. Jeg forcepusher
